Update ways of configuring menu attributes (#650)
alphagov/accessible-autocomplete: README.md

Sets html attributes and their values on the `menu`. Useful for adding `aria-labelledby` and setting to the value of the `id` attribute on your existing label, to provide context to an assistive technology user.

> [!NOTE]
>
> To maintain assistive technology support, menu attributes `id`, `role` and `onMouseLeave` cannot be overridden using `menuAttributes`. Setting `className` will append to the component default and [`menuClasses`](#menuClasses) values.

#### `menuClasses` (default: `null`)

Type: `string | null`

> Adds custom html classes to the menu elements.

Reviewer: We just say "menu" elsewhere but should we fix ~elements~ → element, or be specific like `menuAttributes`?

```suggestion
Adds custom html classes to the generated `ul` menu element.
```

Author: Updated both here and for `menuAttributes` 😊

Reviewer: Even better, thank you

Sets html attributes and their values on the `menu`. Useful for adding `aria-labelledby` and setting to the value of the `id` attribute on your existing label, to provide context to an assistive technology user.

> [!NOTE]
>

> > This option will not override the attributes computed by the component
> > - `id` and `role` are dropped to limit risks to accessibility
> > - `className` and `class` are appended to the `class` attribute of the menu so it keeps the classes computed by the component

Reviewer: I've had a go at re-wording this to include all three `id`, `role` and `onMouseLeave`

Good to explain and link to `menuClasses` too? Don't worry about explaining the `class`/`className` difference since we haven't already done so in the `dropdownArrow` docs

```suggestion
> To maintain assistive technology support, menu attributes `id`, `role` and `onMouseLeave` cannot be overridden using `menuAttributes`. Setting `className` will append to the component default and [`menuClasses`](#menuClasses) values.
```

#### `menuClasses` (default: `null`)

> Type: `String`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `string | null`
```
